Game Programming Final Write Up - Nancy Ching

Game Idea:
My final will be an RTS-like game where the player will play as a character entering a dungeon to beat a boss and get a reward. The game will start in an open world environment and lead the player into a dungeon, where they will fight enemies.

Plan:
Controls: Point and click movement, enemy selection, and attack, special attacks, and dash or roll.
Items: Health potions, gold
Inventory, health meter, timers for special attacks and dashes

“The Vibe”:
Voxel/3D Pixel assets from Unity Asset Store.
Cute music, colorful environment.

Minimum:
Voxel environment with music/audio,
Animations for characters.
A win and lose scenario (beat all enemies or die),
The dungeon completed,
Movement, attacks, special attacks all completed.

Get Done
All of minimum,
Open world environment
Story led - have panels with conversations and goals

If There Is Time
Open world environment with other characters to talk to
Abilities to go into houses or interact with the environment to loot.
Randomly generated enemies and rooms of the dungeon.
Items: Gold, weapons

Timeline:
I’ll be using assignment five: units, as a base for the game - with some edits to the code to make the game run more efficiently. With this, I already have a foundation for: 
point and click movement, 
enemy selection, 
character meters like health and cooldowns
health potions
animations


The priority at first is cleaning up the code, getting new assets to fit the vibe of the game, then creating the map for the dungeon (designing then coding a “path” where players won’t get stuck), then creating win and lose situations

Polishing the game; adding scenes for start game, lose game, and win game.      
If there is time - which likely there will be:
Adding an overworld
Adding characters player can interact with (just simple dialogue to make the game feel more alive)
Adding items like gold and maybe additional weapons/spells.
Making a more polished story: maybe the player is a wannabe mercenary and is on their first request from the townsfolk to clear a nearby monster dungeon.
